Oci note (#189)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/chainguard-enforce/chainguard-enforce-kubernetes/connecting-to-private-registries.md

- Using image pull secrets in your tenant clusters
- Using cloud account associations to the cloud provider running your registry

Depending on your organization’s setup, you may leverage one or both of the supported authentication strategies.

## Image Pull Secrets

To support the widest set of private registries, you can authenticate using a Kubernetes image pull secret. This is configured on a per-policy basis, and applies to all the images scoped to that policy. 

### Configuring your image pull secret

> To verify policies using attestation and signatures for images in a private registry, create an image pull secret in the `cosign-system` namespace of your cluster, filling in your own details for the private registry, username, password, and email:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify policies using attestation and signatures for images in a private registry, create an image pull secret in the `cosign-system` namespace of your cluster. Here, the `docker-registry` subcommand creates a secret that is specifically for use with a Docker registry. We are initializing this secret with the `regcreds` variable, which will hold the secret's value.

In the next lines, fill in your own details for the private registry, username, password, and email, substituting those values for the variables.

```

> To verify policies using attestation and signatures for images in a private registry, create an image pull secret in the `cosign-system` namespace of your cluster, filling in your own details for the private registry, username, password, and email:

Author: ```suggestion
To verify policies using attestation and signatures for images in a private registry, create an image pull secret in the `cosign-system` namespace of your cluster. The following example creates a secret named `regcreds`, but you could provide a different name if you like. Additionally, the `docker-registry` subcommand creates a secret that is specifically for use with a Docker registry.

In the next lines, fill in your own details for the private registry, username, password, and email, substituting those values for the variables.
```

      - name: regcreds
```

> In this example, add the name of your private registry directory in `glob` and include the name of the private registry in `oci`. Note that the value you pass to the `oci` key cannot be a glob pattern and must be a valid repository name. Also, be aware that you will have set up `regcreds` in the previous `kubectl create secret` command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, add the name of your private registry directory in `glob` and include the name of the private registry in `oci`. Note that the value you pass to the `oci` key cannot be a glob pattern and must be a valid repository name. Also, be aware that you will have set up `regcreds` in the previous `kubectl create secret` command; this is the variable you initialized to hold the relevant `docker-registry` subcommand secret.

```
